Now you could spend hours working on this application to add all the functionalities we need, to add
products to a cart or to also interact with users, with orders and we can do all of that with these SQL
queries
we're already writing here.
The problem is the queries will get more and more complex the more complex our application logic becomes
and at some point, we'll have to connect tables because one thing we're not using right now are relations
because we only got one table.
Now we can do all of that just with the MySQL package and if you're a MySQL or a SQL master in general,
you can definitely do that. For the rest of us,
there is a way easier approach to that which allows us to not write all these queries, we don't have
to write any SQL code but instead only work with native javascript objects that give us certain functionalities
we need for connecting them, deleting them, adding them and so on. We'll use
another third party package we can add to this application that makes our life a bunch easier.
I just wanted to show you how you generally can add SQL and write your own queries, as a next step
we'll not write our own queries,
instead we'll find an easier approach in the next module with sequelize.